Add StickyMetaParamsMiddleware (#4141)
scrapy/scrapy: docs/topics/spider-middleware.rst

      * :setting:`URLLENGTH_LIMIT` - The maximum URL length to allow for crawled URLs.

StickyMetaParamsMiddleware
--------------------------

.. module:: scrapy.spidermiddlewares.stickymeta
   :synopsis: Spider Middleware that forwards meta parameters through requests

.. class:: StickyMetaParamsMiddleware

   When enabled and configured, this middleware forwards the desired :ref:`Request.meta <topics-request-meta>`
   parameters between ``Requests`` and ``Responses``.

>    The :class:`StickyMetaParamsMiddleware` can be configured through the settings :setting:`STICKY_META_KEYS`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :class:`StickyMetaParamsMiddleware` can be configured through the :setting:`STICKY_META_KEYS` setting.
```

      * :setting:`URLLENGTH_LIMIT` - The maximum URL length to allow for crawled URLs.

StickyMetaParamsMiddleware
--------------------------

.. module:: scrapy.spidermiddlewares.stickymeta
   :synopsis: Spider Middleware that forwards meta parameters through requests

.. class:: StickyMetaParamsMiddleware

   When enabled and configured, this middleware forwards the desired :ref:`Request.meta <topics-request-meta>`
   parameters between ``Requests`` and ``Responses``.

>    The :class:`StickyMetaParamsMiddleware` can be configure though the ``sticky_meta_keys``

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   The :class:`StickyMetaParamsMiddleware` can be configured through the ``sticky_meta_keys``
```

Author: Done @Gallaecio

   spider attribute.

>       * :attr:`~scrapy.spiders.Spider.sticky_meta_keys` - List of keys to be stickied.

Reviewer: :lipstick: Instead of having a 1-item list here, I would remove this line and move the link to the paragraph above.

Author: Done :heavy_check_mark:
